Run a test on this as fast as you can.
See if the DNA of this hair and the DNA of Yum Mi Jung match.
Where did you get this?
I don't have time to explain every little detail.
Hey, Won.
We have a copy of the penthouse's surveillance footage, right?
Yes. What about it?
Well... Can you check the parts where Kim Jung Soo shows up again?
See if there's something unusual.
Okay. You got it.
Okay.
Take care of it. Don't make me get annoyed.
- Hurry! - Yes, sir.
Joon Hee.
Joon.
We're here.
Joon Hee.
Hey.
This punk really is sick.
But it's nice seeing him again,
even if he is like this.
Kim Jung Soo was Joon Hee's attending doctor.
That small-minded jerk.
It was 10 years ago.
Why is he going this far?
I won't forgive...
that jerk.
What will you do then?
Look at the mess we're in because of that jerk.
Punks from the school...
complain that I got my job...
due to my family connections.
I'm too embarrassed to work in the school,
my school,
which my grandfather built,
anymore.
Do as you wish on that.
Just watch what you say to the detective...
investigating Byung Gi's case.
Whatever.
Even I can't trust...
my mouth anymore.
If Kim Jung Soo is the real killer,
that means he knows...
everything we did.
How much...
does that doctor jerk know?
I want to grab him by the collar and ask too.
Seeing him like this...
breaks my heart,
but if he wakes up,
it'll be a headache.
Hey. What are you doing here?
What are you doing without me?
We figured you wouldn't feel up to going around in public,
so we came by ourselves.
Gosh.
In Ho.
Joon Hee will be fine.
- Okay? - Sure.
That's right.
At least the color in his cheeks got much better.
Okay. Gosh. This brat...
Anyway,
why do you think he ended up like that?
- Gosh. - Hey.
Do you really know nothing?
I find it so strange that he didn't tell you...
if he knew something so huge.
He did tell us.
He said he wanted to help you,
but there was nothing he could do,
and that he was miserable.
That aside,
who could've taken out my bag...
from the penthouse and how?
Only the four of us have access to the penthouse.
What?
Are you saying we did it?
Hey. That's utterly absurd.
I'm just saying it's weird.
It's five,
including Mi Jung.
According to the trial,
that doctor from Daemyung hospital, who lives downstairs,
was the last person to speak with Mi Jung.
That doctor framed it on all of us...
"Us"?
What?
Us.
Aren't we like brothers?
Was I the only one who thought that?
You are me, and I am you.
Forget it.
Anyway,
are things okay with Na Ra?
(Surgeon Kim Jung Soo)
(No mistakes. Situation handled. I'm going to the police.)
(Pawn Shop)
Here it is.
- Did you find anything? - I'm checking carefully,
but there is one clip that gave me the chills.
Let me watch.
Here.
Why does this give you chills?
This was taken at 3am on the day before Yum Mi Jung's body...
was found on the road in Paju.
At 3am, he left with a case large enough to fit a person.
It gives me the chills.
The test results are out. Call me.
What about the DNA test on the hair sample?
Well...
Okay. Thank you.
How is the result?
The result?
Young.
He came to turn himself in.
Who did?
You'll turn yourself in?
Yes.
I came to turn myself in for Yum Mi Jung's murderer.
What about the DNA test on the hair sample?
Well...
it doesn't match Yum Mi Jung's DNA.
It's a completely different person.
- Are you sure? - Science can't lie.
I'll ask again, Kim Jung Soo.
Did you really kill Yum Mi Jung?
Yes,
I killed her.
I looked into Kim Soo Hyun as you had asked.
How is she doing?
Well, she's in a mental hospital.
(Hope Psychiatric Hospital)
(Isolated Ward, Ward 3)
She hurts others and herself,
so we had no choice but to put her in a straight jacket.
She gets angry like that whenever she sees a shadow.
Then please excuse me.
Soo Hyun, stop it. Soo Hyun.
It's okay. Your brother is here. It's okay.
It's okay.
Okay, okay. That's a good girl.
Your brother's here. It's okay.
Soo Hyun.
(Kim Soo Hyun)
Miss.
Where's Dal Rae?
You're home.
I sent Dal Rae and the helper out for a moment.
- Why? - Nothing much.
Right. I think we should hire someone new for the position.
The house isn't the same as it was before.
It can't be the same.
And don't treat firing someone that lightly.
She depends on this job for her income.
I'm sorry. I didn't think it through.
Why don't you go wash up first?
I'm cooking pasta. Let's have some wine with it.
- I'm tired. - Please!
Na Ra, could you please stop this?
It was... It was all my fault.
So please forgive me. Let it go for Dal Rae's sake.
How could I?
I can't forget what you had done.
Honey, about Mi Jung...
What have you guys done to that poor little girl?
I'm not following you.
Kim Soo Hyun!
Honey.
I was young at that time too.
It doesn't matter. There are things you must still not do.
You shouldn't have done that!
Why did you do that?
You shouldn't have done that.
Why did you?
Why?
Why did you do that?
[VIU Ver] E16 Return "What is That Key?"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Don't talk to me. I've got nothing to say to you.
I'll do the talking. I ask that you only listen to what I have to say.
I don't want to.
I was a good enough husband...
these past years for you...
to hear my excuse at least once.
I was...
at least good to you and Dal Rae, wasn't I?
I wanted to be a good man at least to you.
Yes, you can think of my kindness as my attempt to stay as a good man,
but I... I wasn't such a good man...
you thought I was.
I was always anxious about it.
I was afraid...
that one day, you'd see the worst side of me.
That's your excuse for cheating on me.
At first,
I had an affair with her because it was comfortable and familiar.
But at one point,
I sank into the swamp of this affair and I couldn't escape from it.
Hearing about it disgusts me. Please get out. Will you?
I'm sorry to have disappointed you.
Do you know that you haven't said a word for seven hours?
If you came here to confess,
you must tell me...
when, where, why, and how you murdered the victim.
Fine. I'll go first.
In the tub at your house,
I found hair that seems to be a woman's.
However, the DNA did not match Yum Mi Jung's.
And the night before her body was discovered,
I saw you moving something that looked like...
Yum Mi Jung's body in the surveillance footage.
Contrabass.
But when I looked into that...
On that day, our orchestra had a concert in Namhae at 10am.
Most of us arrived there the day before the concert.
But I heard that you arrived there...
during the night because of work at the hospital.
You confessed to the act,
but the suspicions I had about you...
just became useless...
as evidence to prove that you committed the crime.
What's your play here?
Why did you turn yourself in?
My gosh, it's freezing.
It is indeed.
- Did you find anything? - No such luck.
- What about you? - Same here.
- What is that key? - What's that?
What do you think it is?
Where did you get it?
Kim Jung Soo hid it in his house.
- Is that so? - I have the key,
but nothing in his house fits.
I even sent the photo of it to every subway station...
in the country to see if this is a key for the subway lockers.
- They don't use a key like that. - Could it be it's nothing?
But is this an "H" on this key...
or an "I"?
Dummy. It's an "H", of course.
- Say, "H". - Sure. "H".
It's "H".
Is my pronunciation that bad?
Do you volunteer too?
(Holt Charity Concert for Children Welfare)
It's nothing much.
Some people got together to donate our talent.
"H".
(Holt Children Community Center and Nursing Home)
Yes, this is one of ours.
It's where we keep stuff we don't use.
It was only a little while ago.
Jung Soo said he needed to store something.
"A little while ago"?
That key is for the cabinet over there.
Okay. Let me check it by myself first.
Sure. Go ahead.
- It's Number 15. - Thank you.
(Fragile, Medical Supplies)
Four bottles of it disappeared.
Come in. This is the lounge.
Is that the locker Kim Byung Gi used?
Yes, that's the one.
But are you sure that Byung Gi had disappeared?
We must investigate to confirm that.
I see.
- Would you like a cup of coffee? - Sure.
All right. We only have instant coffee sticks.
Before Kim Byung Gi had gone missing,
did you notice anything unusual about him?
No, I don't remember anything like that.
Please call me at this number if you do.
Okay, I will. Here's your coffee.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
"Kim Dong Bae".
My gosh, cops.
This is so frustrating.
- What are you up to? - Hey, what's going on?
What is it? Is your investigation not going your way?
Why did you hide something like that?
Why did you hide that?
- Tell me. Tell me! - Hey, hey.
What's gotten into you?
- Leave us alone for a moment. - Okay.
You probably predicted that I would find the key...
you had hidden.
Candy?
Candy, you say?
One of the four bottles of rocuronium...
must've been used to kill Yum Mi Jung.
Where are the remaining three?
That's what you must do now.
Find them.
What are you after?
Messing with the police?
No.
Having you guys catch me?
What?
The Confession Reinforcement Act.
"If there is no evidence..."
"to prove the truth of the suspect's confession,"
"the suspect is not guilty."
You have 30 hours left.
I'll be waiting.
Who is it?
What?
Byung Gi was alive.
Do as I say.
First, open my suitcase in my locker,
and take out the USB drive.
USB?
That punk wouldn't answer the phone...
Why are you ordering me to find some USB drive?
Is this the suit?
This must be it.
Hello.
Is Mr. Kang In Ho in?
How may I help you?
I have critical information about your friends...
that I'd like to discuss with you.
Let's go.
What about my friends?
It's about my friend as well.
Not long ago,
my friend went missing.
I'm sorry about that.
And?
I think...
it was because of this.
Shouldn't you go to the police to discuss a missing person?
If that was the right move,
my friend would've gone to the cops first.
So why did you come to me?
There is a video...
of your friends...
that is related to your trial.
May I take a look?
Give me 500,000 dollars.
- You came to the wrong place. - 100,000 dollars.
100,000 dollars.
I can't go any lower.
Look. I'm not interested enough to make such a deal.
My trial ended well too.
Even though this...
has the real killer caught on camera?
One, two, three.
What is this?
Four bottles of rocuronium went missing.
One of the four bottles of rocuronium...
must've been used to kill Yum Mi Jung.
Where are the remaining three?
That's what you must do now. Find them.
(Return)
How many hours do we have left?
28 hours.
Kim Soo Hyun's trial record. It's from Choi Jae Hye.
Choi Jae Hye was there?
It's been a while, Bum. Let's meet up.
You little rat.
Why did the people involved in that case 10 years ago gather?
- Why? - What are you doing?
I'll go where I must go.
I'm Dokgo Young. 919-114.
What have you guys done?